Include breaking changes in release notes (#1048)
kyma-project/istio: docs/user/00-10-overview-istio-controller.md

The following Istio Pilot environment variables are applied when you set `spec.compatibilityMode: true` in Istio CR:

| Name                                 | Value   | Description                                                                                    |
|--------------------------------------|---------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | **ENABLE_DELIMITED_STATS_TAG_REGEX** | `false` | Prevents Istio Pilot from using the new delimited stat tag regex to generate Envoy stats tags. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **ENABLE_DELIMITED_STATS_TAG_REGEX** | `false` | Prevents Istio Pilot from using the new delimited stat tag regex to generate Envoy cluster metrics. |
```

The following Istio Proxy environment variables are applied when you set `spec.compatibilityMode: true` in Istio CR:

| Name                                 | Value   | Description                                                                                                 |
|--------------------------------------|---------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | **ENABLE_DEFERRED_CLUSTER_CREATION** | `false` | Disables an experimental Envoy feature that optimizes Envoy configuration resources usage by inlining certain parts with already ongoing requests. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **ENABLE_DEFERRED_CLUSTER_CREATION** | `false` | Disables an experimental Envoy feature that optimizes Envoy configuration by inlining certain steps with already ongoing requests. |
```

> | **ENABLE_DELIMITED_STATS_TAG_REGEX** | `false` | Prevents Istio Proxy from using the new delimited stat tag regex to generate Envoy stats tags.              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **ENABLE_DELIMITED_STATS_TAG_REGEX** | `false` | Prevents Istio Proxy from using the new delimited stat tag regex to generate Envoy cluster metrics.              |
```
